Update documentation for `subctl cloud prepare` (#507)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/layouts/shortcodes/cloud-prepare/aws.md

Alternatively, you can choose to deploy using a different instance type.</p>
</div>

<!-- Hugo doesn't allow shortcodes in shortcodes, so use HTML -->
<div class="notices warning">
<p>The following permissions need to be enabled in IAM on the <code>openshift-machine-api</code> user for your cluster:</p>
<ul>
<li>CreateTags</li>
<li>DeleteTags</li>
<li>CreateSecurityGroup</li>
<li>DeleteSecurityGroup</li>
<li>AuthorizeSecurityGroupIngress</li>
<li>RevokeSecurityGroupIngress</li>
<li>DescribeInstanceTypeOfferings</li>
</ul>
</div>

You need to extract your infra ID and region in order to use the command.
Its possible to extract them from the `metadata.json` file that the OpenShift Installer created:

```bash
metadata_file=<path/to>/metadata.json
infra_id=$(jq -r .infraID $metadata_file)
region=$(jq -r .aws.region $metadata_file)
```

{{- $clusters := $.Get "clusters" }}
{{- range $cluster := split $clusters "," }}
Run the command for **{{ $cluster }}**:

```bash
export KUBECONFIG={{ $cluster }}/auth/kubeconfig
subctl cloud prepare aws --infra-id $infra_id --region $region {{ with $.Get "nattPort" }}--natt-port {{.}}{{ end }}
```

{{- end }}

> Note that certain parameters, such as the IPsec UDP ports and AWS instance type for the gateway,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that certain parameters, such as the tunnel UDP port and AWS instance type for the gateway,
```

Reviewer: @mkolesnik @mangelajo I suggest to change it to something more generic to also accommodate for WireGuard, VXLAN, and so on.
